docs: `pixi global` mention `no-activation` (#2109)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/design_proposals/pixi_global_manifest.md

``` title="config.toml"
global_manifests = "/path/to/your/manifests"
```

### No activation

The current `pixi global install` features `--no-activation`.

> When this flag is set `CONDA_PREFIX` and `PATH` will not be set in the activation script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this flag is set, `CONDA_PREFIX` and `PATH` will not be set when running the exposed binary.
```
The activation script is an internal term. Also it is a bit confusing because conda envs also have activation scripts. Here, the doc talks mainly about exposed binaries.

This is useful when installing Python package managers or shells.

Assuming that this needs to be set per mapping, one way to expose this functionality would be to allow the following:

```toml
[envs.pip.exposed]

> pip = { executable="python", activation=false }

Author: Oh that was what I meant to type. Nice find :)
